Hi, this is Scott. I
really appreciate our sponsors because
they make the show possible.
Today's show is sponsored by
developer express, become a UI
superhero with dev express controls
and libraries. Deliver elegant.net solutions
that address customer needs today
by leveraging your existing knowledge,
you can build next generation
touch enabled solutions for tomorrow,
you can download your free
30 day trial@dxdothanselminutes.com. That's dx.hanselminutes.com
From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes, all weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number 539. In this
episode, Scott talks with Andrea
From Corgibytes about working with
legacy code. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes. I'm
here at dotnet fringe in
Portland, Oregon, and we're at
the crystal ballroom. So if
you hear the background noise,
because there's a conference happening
around us, and I'm now
here with Andrea Goulay from
Corgibytes software who just got
off stage doing her fantastic
opening keynote. And you specialize,
if I understand correctly in
the legacy code, that's part
of your consultancy. Yes. So
Corgibytes corgi like the dog
and our tagline is old
code new tricks. Nice, nice.
So legacy code, old code.
What is, what is the
definition of legacy code? Like
how old is it and
when does it become legacy?
Yeah. So the way that
we kind of think about
it is the legacy code
is code that's difficult to
work with. And Michael feathers
has a really kind of
accepted definition of legacy code
in that it is code
without tests and the way
that we've been kind of
exploring this over the past
several years, because whenever I've
talked to people about that
definition, it tends to be
kind of divisive because some
people are saying, well, how
much test coverage do you
need? Should you get a
hundred percent? And the way
that I started thinking about
it was a test is
really just an artifact of
your intention or your idea.
And so there are other
artifacts, there are commit messages.
There are the way you
name your variables. There are
error messages. There are so
many different types of things
that are in the code
that are English and are
not the programming language that
you're working in. And so
legacy code is code that
doesn't have communication artifacts so
that you can go back
and either revisit what your
rationale was. Or if you're
picking up a new project
that was inherited, that you
can learn what the intention
was. It's almost like archeology
in a way. That's funny.
I love that. You said
that because I was literally
going to say, isn't this
a kind of archeology you're
you're describing the, the picking
up after this civilization, that
that is trying to express
its intent, but you know,
all of the, all of
the stone tablets cracked, and
now we just have the
pieces. Yes. And the reason
that legacy code is relevant
is because there are so
many business applications that are
generating revenue and the monetary
let's just scrap it all.
Let's just bulldoze this app
and start from scratch. Doesn't
make monetary sense B and
so similar to how the
human body reinvents itself every
seven years, just through continuous
improvement, like the cells that
are in your body today
are not the same, that
were seven years ago. You
can use continuous improvement, continuous
delivery, continuous integration. We use
continuous estimating even right, where
it's just regular ongoing conversations,
regular ongoing improvement. And you
can transform an application that
way, But you're describing things,
concepts that, that at least
in my world of software
didn't exist 20 years ago.
Like I was, we were
just thinking about unit testing
at that time, and you're
describing continuous this and continuous
that we didn't have a
lot of continuous stuff. Yeah.
And I think, you know,
the, the idea with pretty
much all of that is
to shorten the feedback loops.
And so that's why communication
becomes so important when you're
talking about legacy code. Because
part of the reason why
legacy code is notoriously difficult
to work with is because
the feedback loops are really,
really long. So if you
have to go hunt down
some documentation from a developer
who doesn't work there anymore,
right? That's a lot of
kind of steps that you
have to go through or
for, you have to reverse
engineer something traditionally that's, it's
not quick and easy. The
documentation isn't readily available. But
I found the reason that
my, that we got started
in this was because my
business partner happened to really
like these types of projects.
Is that, is he the
only person that thinks that's
a good thing? You know,
when we first started, because
we had been in business
for about six years and
we had kind of, we're
a general all-purpose software development
shop. And one day we
were watching this old house,
Oh, the remodeling remodeling show.
And we both kind of
had this epiphany, like, that's
what we do with software.
We take applications that need
to still have a good
integration, good bones, you know,
and you can still work
with them, but you know,
maybe they need an updated
kitchen, you know, so started
looking at, you know, things
like, you know, you can
look at the way that
things are structured, you know,
and kind of peeking behind
walls. So we did things
like with one of our
clients, they were doing, they
were looking for some performance
issues. And so we deleted
a bunch of features. Hmm.
Refactoring via subtraction. Really. I
think we won't talk about
delete. I sometimes call it
KonMari, which is the art
of tidying up. And it's
this idea of, you know,
software has entropy, right. So
it's naturally moving to a
chaotic state. So you have
to actively clean up, like
you would in your house.
Right. And so like, if
you don't take the trash
out of your house, you're
going to have a big
mess. And if you don't
think, if you don't delete
code every once in a
while, you're going to have
a big mess as well.
But it's being able to
know how to do that
safely, safely. That's really important.
Yeah. So, so that's where
tests and automated testing and
all the continuous integration comes
in hand. So are you
saying that you, you believe
that one should add tests
after the fact and wrap
tests around old code? Yeah.
So that's, that's kinda what
we do is every time
we touch something, so it's
kind of the, I think
Bob Martin talks about how
it's the boy scout role,
where, where every time you
touch something, make it better.
So that's typically how we
do it sometimes. And it
depends on the client context,
right? So some clients really
want to get a massive
productivity boost from their team
and they're not doing any
automated testing, so we'll take
a sprint or two, and
we'll build them an automated
framework on main testing framework.
And then they'll go in
and populate the tests. And
we've seen clients who they've
doubled their team's productivity by
just by doing that other
clients where it's like, eh,
you know, it's not so
much the team productivity I've
got developers, then it's like
more of a, you know,
kind of slow and steady
kind of right. Well, you're,
you're setting them up for
success. You're building the framework
for them to be successful.
I think that the remodeling
analogy works because as soon
as you're saying this, that
you build out a framework,
it reminds me of when
you're doing like a barn
raising, I don't know anything
about a barn raising, but
if somebody can help me
with the framework part, I
can do the push really
hard on the wall part
and get the, get the
thing to turn into an
actual. Yeah. And we also
find that when you're trying
to adhere to some of
these principles, there's a lot
of inertia in trying to
kind of change your behavior.
And so sometimes it does
help. Like I think sometimes
about the organization shows where
they have the, you know,
organizer who comes in and
just kind of like cleans
your house and gets everything
set up. It's a much
easier to maintain something. If
you have professional help to
kind of come in and
do that. So in some
ways we're helping and we're
working right alongside other times,
get, you know, we're going
to build up tech debt
and we know it. And
we're just, that's the way
our developers are. Would you
come kind of clean up
behind us? We're happy to
do that too. We've noticed
that there's two different personality
types of software developers. So
as we started going through
this, we started figuring out
like, who are the people
who like working on this?
And so Scott did a
tour where he was giving
a talk on this and
he would always ask, you
know, who in here really
likes working on legacy code
and in a room of
200 people, he'd get maybe
two hands. So not a
whole lot of people, but
the people who do like
this type of work, really
like it because you are
working on some of the
most interesting engineering problems that
you can like, we've, we've
done projects where there is
a home grown database. Like
it was built completely from
scratch a modern application that
just for some reason, decided
to build their own database,
no documentation. And so we
went in and extracted everything
from the binary files and
looking at your face right
now. You're like, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
That sounds like horrible. It
really sounds very painful. It
sounds, it sounds like the
opposite of fun to me,
my team and people who
identify as menders. I mean,
it was like Christmas, what
are the two types? So
there's makers, right? So makers
like doing, I mean, there's
a whole culture around makers,
right? Make magazine, make maker
fair, but there's not really
a culture around people who
like to fix things. And
so we identified Scott as
the type of person who's
like, I really like taking
a project that has kind
of been abandoned and making
it better. So he, I
find that there are a
lot of people in the
open source world who fall
into menders because they really
like contributing to something that
maybe somebody else built. So
we decided, well, we'll go
out this. We thought that
the, the hang up for
us was going to be
talent. Cause we're like finding
people, finding people who are
menders and we found that
it's actually been the opposite
because menders, there is very
little community around these people.
And so we have a
whole slew of people who
have emailed us and said,
yes, I want to come
work for you, which I
did not think was going
to happen. I thought we
were going to have a
slew of clients because there's
so many, so many legacy
projects out there, but I
actually have a backlog of
developers who I would love
to hire. And so now
I'm out there looking for
the projects that are the
right fit. And I think
one of the reasons there
are developers really like us
too, is that to make
a mender happy. And in
engineers in general, you know,
it's, I'm solving interesting problems,
right? Which that in and
of itself, recognizing that if
you build your entire business
model around, I'm going to
find interesting problems for my
engineers to work on. Like
that will attract people. But
when I, when people ask
me, they're like, how do
you get so many lead
developers who are good at
this work? I'm like, well,
I built my entire culture
around making our developers happy.
You know, we give them
really good resources, fast computers,
and then we get out
of their way. I give
them a lot of autonomy,
but Working on interesting problems
is, is one thing. And
I think it's, it's easy
to say that, but there's
also the idea of moving
forward. I feel like, am
I moving forward on the
project? Am I making a
forward technical progress? Am I
improving myself as a developer?
Yeah. Yeah. So, so one
of the things we do
there is we have 10%
time. So instead of, so
we have four hours a
week of dedicated professional development
every week where, you know,
it's, it's go research a
new language, it's go learn
something. The other thing that
we do is when you're
working in legacy code, you
know, it's usually several different
languages that are all cobbled
together and in different ways.
So, so we say any
language, any platform, any framework.
So we don't, so it's
the opportunity to continue to
learn in there. Are there
projects that can't be saved?
Do you go? And you
say, Oh, this is VB
three. We can't do that.
We have. Yeah. And typically,
yeah, I mean, we, we
had a client who didn't
have a lot of users.
They were still pre-revenue. They
were very much a startup
and their CTO was using
that net web forms. And
we're like, Hmm, Hang on.
Now my web forums, I
work on that team. What,
you know, how old, right?
Like it's funny, brand new.
So no. So that's an
answer. That's very interesting that
this is, this is where
the conversation will get controversial.
Cause web forums is, is,
is, is actively developed. And
I'm not saying this in
an, in defense, but was
it about the tech or
was it about the way
it was written? Because it
was the funny story about
legacy code that I haven't,
I haven't talked to you
about yet, but my blog
runs on web forms from
2003 and people often ask,
well, why do you keep
it like that? Why don't
you upgrade it? And I
was like, well, it works
great. It works really fine.
So what we did is
we put tests around it
and I worked with a
gentleman on Twitter in Papa
string, Mark Downey, who helps
me with, with DAS blog
because we both love the
code base. And we don't
see any reason to work
for a year to rewrite
it and then just be
exactly where we already are.
And that's a great point
because it all comes down
to the business driver, right?
So for this particular client,
they wanted to scale very,
very rapidly. And they were
having a difficult time attracting
developers who could work in
that they wanted to build
the API in a particular
way. The peop the end
developers who were coming in
were wanting to build more
restful things. And the CTO
was just almost dogmatic in
this. I'm not going to
let go of this technology.
This is the way I
know how to build things.
And therefore, everybody else must
conform to me. And the
CEO was getting frustrated because
she just saw her team
wasn't working and she couldn't
quite understand the technology behind
it. So we came in
and, and, you know, just,
we do what we call
a software inspection, a code
inspection. And so we just
listed out and said, you
know, here are the different
things based on your business
goals. You know, here are
some frameworks that may be
more attuned to your particular
needs. Not saying that, you
know, No, but you're describing
exactly the right scenario where
this was someone with a,
a, and some people don't
like this term, but I
religious bent. They weren't, they
were, they were not just
excited about our religion, but
they were like a zealot
for this thing. And like
this round peg is going
to fit in this square
hole, no matter what. And
I can agree with you
that while web forms runs
my blog and runs a
lot of great websites, if
you're going to build a
giant restful application with angular
JS, it's, you know, you're
going to bump into some
real problems. And at some
point you gotta, Yeah. So
for that particular client, we
ended up letting go of
all the web forms, because
we said, you know, you
don't have any users. There's
not a lot of value.
There's not a lot of
business value in keeping them
code base the way it
is. So we got in
and they were able to
replace a lot of the
infrastructure with what they needed.
You know, in a matter
of a couple of months,
This episode of Hansel minutes
is brought to you by
brain tree payments. Why make
payment integration more difficult than
it has to be? Braintree's
powerful, full stack payment platform
allows you to accept nearly
any type of payment from
any device. With one integration,
it's flexible to your system's
needs, supports most programming languages.
So whether you're using Java,
Ruby, or Python, you'll always
have a range of service
side and client side SDKs
available. Braintree makes payments and
your job a whole lot
easier. You can learn more@braintreepayments.com
slash Hanselman. So they keep
the brain, they keep the
data access, they keep the
parts that were not holding
them back. Yeah. And now
they're achieving their business goals.
Now, other clients is going
to be completely different, right?
If you have a million
users, right. And we have
clients like this too, where
it's like, it is not
an option, right. This is
a block box and you
cannot change this, you know,
then it's working within it.
So one of the core
values that we have at
Corgibytes is always say craftsmanship
in context. And so it's
the idea of when you're
thinking about the technology choices
that you're making, you have
to remember the business context
in which you are using
them. So for you and
your right, there's not a
lot of business value for
you upgrading, right. You've, you've,
you've put in, you know,
things in place and that's
the same way with a
house, right? Like if you're
going to go and sell
your house, then yeah. There's
gonna, you know, there's going
to be a lot of,
kind of return on your
investment. You know, maybe you'll
update the kitchen or paint
the walls. But if you're
just like, you know what,
I don't really mind the
walls and, you know, yeah.
It'd be nice. You know,
that is a really great
way to look at it
because I know exactly what's
wrong. The two things wrong
with my blog are it
can only scale to a
point. It just happens to
be a point I haven't
reached yet. And I don't
like the URLs. Yeah. Yeah.
And you're willing to live
with it. Do I have
the nine months or whatever,
to go and rewrite the
thing from scratch, there's all
sorts of great things. I
like about it. You know,
it's got a creaky floor
and I like the kitchen,
you know, it's a fixer
upper, it's got character, but
I enjoy it very much
and I'm not willing to
throw it out quite yet.
So I like that. But
I think that your point
is, is that having my
eyes wide open about the
business requirements, the ones that
I'm willing to feel that
are not being met well,
the aspects that are subpar,
all of that is being
conscious about my, my, my
legacy code base, as opposed
to being delusional about it.
Yes. And so, you know,
I think of legacy code
almost this way, right? So,
you know, 10, 15 years
ago we had the agile
movement where we said, you
know what? Change is inevitable.
Let's just learn how to
embrace it and work with
it rather than like ignoring
it and just pretending that
it doesn't exist. And I
think that we can go
through a similar shift with
legacy code. So let's just
acknowledge that code bases are
going to stick around and
that the majority of us
work on applications that are
not brand new. And once
we just kind of mentally
acknowledge that and start looking
at legacy code as something
that can be interesting, something
that you can learn from
something that you can grow
from. The other thing that's
interesting too, is that you
don't have to use antiquated
tools to, you can use
very modern tooling to work
on an older code base.
So the analogy that I
use sometimes is if you
bought a house that was
a hundred years old, you
and you wanted to remodel
it and you wanted to
update it, you wouldn't just
use hand drills. You would
use, you would go out
to the hardware store and
you would buy power drill.
So you can think about
getting your new, shiny more
in the tooling, rather than
in the, you know, kind
of Right. You could have
a 15 year old web
application and they use, you
know, the most modern selenium
WebDriver and load to drive
the whole thing, or use
the latest dotnet testing techniques
on an, on a 10
year old dotnet application. Yep,
Absolutely. Yeah. So when you,
you know, we've been exploring
this metaphor for a couple
of years and we've been
waiting for it to break
down and it kind of
hasn't yet it's it's of
these things that I think
once you just start realizing
that, you know, there are
people who like doing the
new construction, they like kind
of just getting something up
to speed and then handing
it off and recognizing that,
yeah, there are many of
us who like inheriting and
project, and it is all
about putting the right people
in the right places, right.
Don't have the people who
enjoy doing the making and
the, you know, don't have
them writing, fixing bugs, have
them on new features and
exploratory things. And then have
the people who are menders
like, those are the people
that you want doing bug
fixes. Cause they, Right. One
thing I wanted to ask
you about is that, you
know, 15, 20 years ago,
even 20 plus years ago,
I was doing, you know,
VB three and VB five
things moved in a slower
pace. You would write code
and BB for a year
or 18 months, and then
maybe a minor version would
come out, but you didn't
have a sense that the
world was shifting underneath you.
But I literally, for example,
yesterday updated a node application
to the latest something. And
one of the libraries, which
I think was made like
Tuesday told me it was
deprecated. And, and then you
go and look at another
libraries, documentation that depends on
that deprecate ones. And it
says, yeah, don't worry about
that. We know about that,
that that message you can
ignore that things are getting
deprecated, like hourly legacy code
literally could be what I
wrote last week. Absolutely. I
love that. You say that.
Yeah. And it, it, again,
it comes down to communication,
right? So are you, are
you monitoring that, are you
thinking about that? Are you
documenting your ideas and your
rationale and so that when
things happen and when things
break, you remember that, and
you can keep that mental
model in your head, People
don't and I think you'll
use it. I'll use note
as an example. And we'll
say dotnet core because like
Dutton of core is brand
new. Like it's a month
old. People are writing tomorrow's
legacy code today. And I
don't think that they're thinking
about things like versions, right?
Like I had a note
application, like I was saying,
I upgraded it. I I'm
a bad person, but I
upgraded it yesterday to the
latest version of node, because
it was the latest version
of node, you know what
I mean? And it worked,
but I honestly feel like
that was quite a role
of a dice right there,
but I didn't write it
down, but I upgraded from
three point whatever, whatever to
four point, whatever, whatever, I
don't really know what the
library tree or the dependency
tree looks like. So that
if you said 10 years
from now, get back here,
who knows if NPM repository
is going to be around
that those libraries will exist
anymore. I need to freeze
dry that into Amber or
a VM or something so
that I can rebuild this
thing. Yeah. Yeah. And so
this is where it gets
into empathy, which I, when
I was doing my strategic
plan around, we're going to
work on code. We worked
with a strategic consultant and
she told me, you can't
use the word empathy in
tech. You'll never be taken
seriously. I am wondering where
you're going with this. Well,
The idea of you have
to take a perspective. You
have to first learn and
understand what the needs are
of the people that you're
working with. And that person
could be your future self.
It could be yourself three
months from now, and you
have to be able to
step in, you know, step
into that person's shoes and
say, okay, what is their
need? So it could be
your client. It could be
your users, you know? And
No, that makes sense to
me because Empathy is so,
so, so critical to building
software Because you can use
that word and say, Oh,
this is touchy, feely, and
heart. This hardware know hardware
and software. That's not touchy,
feely. Just give me the
version numbers I need to
use. But what you're saying
is that I need to
transfer momentarily and imagine myself,
six months down the road,
when I dig that code
back up and I think
to myself, future self, how
do I build this? Yeah.
What am I going to
need in six months to
make it easier for me
to context, switch and easier
for me to remember where
I am. My favorite story
is, you know, almost, almost
all of us have run,
get blame, like in a
heat of fury being really
angry, like who would have
done it this way. And
it ends up being yourself.
I SPN blame before that.
And yeah, it's like when
you go and you Google
for a problem and you
find the one post where
you're asking for the problem
and no one has ever
answered, you're all alone in
the world. It was you.
Yeah. And to get back
to your point about dependencies,
I think one of the
things that is particularly challenging
with legacy code is that
you cannot create a repeatable
process around it because if
we look at dependencies and
if we look at mathematically
chaos theory, the more dependencies
and the more interdependencies that
you have in a system,
the less likely you are
to be able to accurately
estimate. So this is part
of where there's a lot
of controversy in like there's
a no estimates hashtag on
Twitter. And so the idea
is if you're working on
a Greenfield application, yeah, you,
you know, you can do
a project. If you're doing
UI. If you're doing a
lot of front end stuff,
you know, that's more of
a complicated system where it's
just a series of steps
and you can have a
lot of confidence in it's
estimating. We don't estimate we,
I call it continuous estimation.
So I work completely on
retainer. We do short retainers
and we say, you stop
paying us when you stop
getting value. Right. And that
forces a budget discussion regularly.
And if people ask me
about estimates, the way that
I go about that is
we give a confidence value.
So we say, you know,
I'm 30% confident I'll be
able to get this done
in a week. Well, this
is, this is the progress,
the universal progress bar problem.
What we really need is
a progress bar with a
number over the top of
it that tells us the
confidence level that the progress
bar has in, you know,
cause we always joke about
the progress bar getting in
99% and then just sitting
there for a day or
two, because you know, you
don't know, but you're supposed
to know the estimate, the
closer you get to it,
you ask them, talk to
the approach the ending of
the year. And so we
that's, that's one of the
things I tell new clients,
cause they're like, well, well
what would it take for
you to get an accurate
estimate? I was like, I
need to be able to
get to the point where
I've solved your problem. And
at that point when I'm
done, I'm done. So, so
yeah, so we do everything
time and materials and I
mean, so it's been a
really interesting way to kind
of look at this system,
which has been, I think,
overlooked, but there's a lot
of business value. There's a
lot of people who are
trying to look at this
problem. And I look at
it in a way, almost
like, you know, we know
that our workforce is aging.
You know, our software applications
are aging as well. And
there are people who, you
know, are going to have
to maintain them. We get
called in regularly because this
one person has known this
system for 20 years and
now they're ready to retire.
And if they, that one
person leaves, we're going to
be sunk because this is
the driver of main driver
of our revenue. So there's
a lot of, I think
business opportunity in legacy code
as well. But it, but
it does create kind of
a little bit of a
mind shift. Well, and getting
it down to a repeatable
build and also formalizing the
hosting of the thing like
this. This is an opportunity
for a lot of what
they call lift and shift
into the cloud where it's
like, you know, that expense
reporting system that, you know,
Anna wrote 20 years ago,
it's been running under her
desk, you know, the whole
time. And she's retiring now
what? Yeah, Yeah. We call
'em the people who solve
the, who work on our
team code whispers because we
don't use the term developer
because they, in order to
do this, you have to
have software development skills. You
have to have some business
analysis skills, right? Understand the
business context testing, you know,
you have to be part
tester, you have to be
project manager. So we have
a very, very flat organization
where we hire people who
have all of these skills.
And again, people were like,
you're going to be crazy.
No one is ever going
to be able to work
for you. But surprisingly, there
are a lot of people
out there who have all
of these skills and have
been looking to do this
type of work. This was
pretty senior work Come out
of high school or coming
out of college rather than
Your first job we had.
No, all of them, I
would, no, it's Not to
be ageist. I'm just saying
that like this would be
when I retire, that would
be a good job for
me to do. Yeah, we
have 'em Yeah. I would
say the, I am the
least seasoned person on our
team and I've been coding
for eight years. You know,
several people have 30 plus
years of experience for sure.
But I mean, yeah, it's,
it's just that building up
of context and, and being
able to just dive in
and it's like, Oh, I've
seen this problem before, but
you know, we have, we
have someone on our team,
who's taken an IBMI mainframe
and upgraded it to Ruby
on rails. Right. So it's
knowing how to integrate all
of the different pieces together
so that it's functioning, it's
working well. It's going to,
you know, serve the needs
of whatever the business is,
you know, for years to
come Too, as we end
two fun things that I
wanted to share with you
to see if you saw
the first one was that
there was a 17 year
old who bought a mainframe
on eBay. Seriously. That's awesome.
He like, this is your
legacy code. You need to
have this person on your
team. He bought a mainframe,
it was a $200,000 mainframe
that he bought for like
300 bucks. And he had
to like go to Rutgers
and like rent a truck
and have it like get
out. And he, he put
it back together and he
put it on the internet.
Like he got it running
again. It took him And
see that's the thing is
the, like, this is the
most interesting challenge. And I
am going to stick with
it until I freaking solve
it. Yeah. He had to
buy certain kind of cables.
He had to talk and
he was talking to people
in their sixties about like,
how did this used to
work and getting that thing
booted up and then getting
modern ethernet to plug into
this, this thing. That's the
first thing I wanted to
share with you. Then the
second thing, did you see
that the Apollo landing code?
So we have a, we
opened an open. Oh, okay.
So, so yeah, so the
Apollo 11 landing mainlander so
there have been several projects
lately that have been open
sourced. So they opened source
dos a few years ago,
which was awesome. So we've
went in and looked at
that. They also look at
open source Prince of Persia,
which I played McNair put
all that code. So there
have been some wonderful kind
of standards. So if you
look at jazz or if
you look at literature, you
know, there are standards that
you go to to look
for and say, how was
this structured? What can I
learn? How can I learn
how to code? So one
of the things that we're
doing is there's a project
that I'm doing as a
side gig called legacy code
rocks, and there's a get
hub repo. And one of
the things on there is
awesome legacy code. So we're
starting to compile and curate
a list of all of
the different open source, you
know, things that are out
there. Yeah. Yeah. I hope
so. I, I really have
just thoroughly enjoyed learning about
this. There's so much interesting
work here and it's such
a good way to bridge
people and talk to people.
So like yourself, so Well,
thanks so much for chatting
today, Lately. This has been
a pleasure. Thank you, Andrea.
Goulay from Corky bites. We'll
put the, her website and
Twitter and the link to
her GitHub repo in the
show notes. This has been
another episode of Hanselminutes and
we'll see you again next
week.